docs: update setup instructions for CHT Watchdog on CHT Sync to clarify target naming (#1630)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/hosting/monitoring/setup.md

   - targets:
      "db-example-com": 'postgres://db_user:db_password@db.example.com:5432/cht?sslmode=disable' # //NOSONAR - password is safe to commit
   ```

>    You may add as many targets as you would like here - one for each CHT Core instance in your `cht-instances.yml` file. Be sure to match the key (`db-example-com` in this example) to the exact value define in your your `cht-instances.yml` file while also enduring that the entry is unique.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You may add as many targets as you would like here - one for each CHT Core instance in your `cht-instances.yml` file. Be sure to match the key (`db-example-com` in this example) to the exact value defined in your `cht-instances.yml` file while ensuring the entry is unique.
```
